### Migration files
The migration bundle is generated by Transformation Advisor to help you migrate your application. Files included in the bundle are specific to the destination you selected and some will need to be updated. Instructions are provided in the migration artifacts PDF.
 
 ### How the bundle helps with modernization
 
  - Generates files with information specific to your application, accelerating the deployment to OpenShift.
  
  - Eliminates the manual task of creating files that are needed for containerization.
  
  - Ensures that versions are migrated when deploying your application to the cloud.
  
  <table>
   <thead>
      <tr>
         <th align="center" colSpan="2">Bundle contents</th>
      </tr>
   </thead>
  <tbody>
    <tr>
       <td colSpan="2"><b>Files for building a containerized image</b></td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>server.xml</td>
      <td>The server.xml configures your application dependencies such as database connections and messages. It contains the majority of what you'll need to migrate.
      </td>
    </tr>
    <tr>
      <td>Dockerfile</td>
      <td>The Dockerfile builds a docker image which includes your application configured in Liberty</td>
    </tr>
     <tr>
        <td colSpan="2"><b>Files for deploying</b></td>
     </tr>
     <tr>
        <td>Operator resources</td>
        <td>The operator resources help to package, deploy and manage your migrated application in Cloud Pak for Applications running on OpenShift Container Platforrm.</td>
     </tr>
     <tr>
        <td>pom.xml</td>
        <td>The pom.xml is used for Maven builds. It contains coordinates for application binaries and dependencies that you have defined in Transformation Advisor.</td>
     </tr>
     <tr>
        <td colSpan="2"><b>Detailed instructions</b></td>
     </tr>
     <tr>
        <td>PDF</td>
        <td>The PDF file provides step-by-step instructions for migrating your application.</td>
     </tr>
  </tbody>
</table>  
 
 ### Documentation & support
 After making the required code changes, follow the steps in TA_Migration_Artifacts_For_OpenShift_Instructions located in the /docs folder, to migrate your application.
